{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Interview\
Name Nikita\
21 years old \
Master Diploma IT Student\
\
1.Hi, how are you? You are not local, aren't you?\
yes i am, i came from Russia\
What brought you here? 2. ambitions and goals for becoming more successful and receiving a better education.\
Can you tell me a bit about yourself, background, plans, ambitions? 3. i want to be the best at my profession, i am studying finances and i believe i can become successful and do what i love: is making money\
4.It seems you have been in many places and countries, but why have you chosen Singapore? this city is very active and dynamic, also the atmosphere of work and wealth motivates me to work harder to reach success\
5.What are you going to change if in power ,.....in infrastructure, education, health care, social services, public transport, enviromental issue.... at my city in Russia, St.Petersburg i will change infrastructure to more modern, social services must be improved but since my country is corrupt most of the budget goes where it is not supposed to, also maybe putting price higher on cars like singapore would work to improve traffic and atmosphere, but i love my city.\
6. how to improve, rebuild, implement without destruction, to use previous experience? it is rather difficult to change the city after it is built, it would be nice if a new city would be built or invested in to make a good balanced city with everything included to make it a smart city\
7. Singapour undoubtedly one of the most attractive cities in the world, so called Smart City. Is it so smart to any person? yes, i see no traffic, not so many cars, a lot of easy accessible public transport, air control and weather control is also present.\
8. Don't you think that technology is being developed much faster than people? How to narrow the gap between privileged and unprivileged.Even a Smart City has its down town and outskirts. I believe not all 7 billion people in the world can be lucky enough to be raised or live in the smart city, some countries are poorer, some are richer. Singapore is a smart city because a lot of money was invested in, for example Warsaw or Riga does not have such finances like singapore since the country it self is not rich. Maybe EU can make a rule to include technology in their cities to attract tourists and make the city more livable.\
9.Will be ever solve a huge problem of our days, this industrial and technological progress and as consequences... pollution, climate change? no it won\'92t, we live in the days of human consumption which is rather hard to change, no one will stop driving cars and if you think using ecological electrical cars is the solution you are wrong, electricity is made in very dirty and pollutive way which doesn\'92t solve the problem, no one will stop using their phones or computers which is electricity also, mostly in developed country every person has a phone which is being charged every day and used massively, a lot of lights are used at night when everyone are sleeping, if you see from airplane window when you fly at night all city is in lights which is not required since most people at 3 am are sleeping.\
10.How to be successful and also responsible in a long a short terms?\
work hard, listen to advices, use technology in a useful way, because sometimes it can be addiction or harmful. Read daily news to be aware what is happening for example you saw the smog on the streets, at first i thought it was a fog but in reality is was a smog from Indonesian forest fires which is very dangerous, it was purple on the scale, brown is most dangerous for health and purple after. I wouldn\'92t know what it was until i read the local news, there was similar smog in the summer in Moscow. if you breath it in some parts you inhale from smog are going to stay in your lungs for a long time maybe even whole life. So be self-aware and hard working.\
11. What problems do you see in lifestyles in St.Petersburg?\
i see that budget of the government is not used correctly (corruption) also that there is a lot of traffic, since the city was built a long time ago the designers couldn\'92t predict such a technological advancement and also cars in such a big amount. Most of families have 1 or 2 cars for male and female since their works are different and without car in the big city is rather difficult. A lot of people are not comfortable in public transport. Mostly in Russia people who use public transport are not rich enough to afford a car or are in a big hurry. \
12. What would you improve to make lifestyle in St.Petersburg better?\
create a cheaper public transport to attract more users, make taxes on cars higher so people won\'92t buy cars as much which will partially solve some traffic since not everybody are wealthy. It is rather difficult to rebuilt city by SmartCity rules\
13. I heard parking in big Russian cities is a big problem, a lot of people park on pedestrian zone since they are not comfortable leaving their car far or in a place which is not visible.\
Yes it is true a lot of problem with it, a lot of time there is a 2 lanes on one side of the road but only one is used since people park or wait on the driving lane which causes traffic but all parking slots are full\
14. So what can government do to improve life of the drivers?\
Maybe try to build big parking lots underground of just a building which are secured and easy accessible in areas of the city where people work. Make paid parkings since not all people are willing to pay for all working day park. I think it requires a lot of financing but the outcome will be worth it since drivers will be more pleased and less time will be wasted. Also maybe someone can create a general application where the a big parking lots have a detector which says whether the parking place is filled or empty. It is done in Monaco as far as I know that they say how many spaces are free on all parking, so someone can integrate that to the application and tell which parking is available and how many spots there are available on their mobile devices. Everyone have mobile devices now and everything nowadays is about technology. \
\
Thank you nikita for the brief interview for my design thinking class. Goodbye robert.\
\
}