{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Smart City\
Smart is a very common and widespread adjective in our days. A smart person, a smart outfit always draw attention and envy (sometimes green)\
What is a Smart City then? A paradise populated with smart people carefree life, perfect environment social and natural? No problem, no pollution? A fantasy or dream may come true?\
A Smart City  is a city with developped infrastructure, social system, healthcare, education, high tech, shortly many positive things high living standarts and all these wonders create just smart people. They set high targets and succeeded.\
A ruler  of Milan in 15-th centuries made his town one of the smartest town in Europe. Among the laws and rules he wrote were many we consider important in21-st century,-to keep streets clean and even how to behave, no bad language!\
Ludovico Il Moro was his name and the last 8 years of his life he suffered in captivity in France. Milan was and is and will be a Smart City forever. Let's follow good examples even if they had place many centuries ago!!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 What is a smart city?\
Smart city is a city which include variety of smart functions which is created or included in the city for making life of the citizen or habitant better and more productive.\
What do you see as a perfect smart house?\uc0\u8232 with unlimited beer and chips\
What would you include in your smart house except beet and chips? \
Auto condition, a coffee maker in bed and breakfast also.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 In my country Estonia the SMS paying for parking was introduced\
\
 \
}